Question and Answers:
1. Enter cd (What directory you are in and what command did you use to find out?)
I used the command “pwd” to show the current directory. The result was: /home/ubuntu

2.Enter cd .. (What directory are you in?)
The command cd.. took me to the parent directory. Result: /home

3.Change to the /etc directory and show me the output of ls deb*?
To change to the /etc directrory, I entered the command “cd /etc” . The command “ls deb*” showed me the output of the files starting with “deb”. Result: debconf.conf and Debian_version

4.Tell the command you used to find all files ending in conf?
The command I used to find all the files ending in .conf is “ls *conf”

5.Pipe the output of the command in step 4 to another command to get a count how many files and tell me the commands you used and the count.
To find the number of files that end with conf, I used the command: “find *conf | wc -l “. The result that I got was 28.

6.How many lines in the passwd file that have nologin in them?  What command did you use?
I used the command "grep nologin /etc/passwd | wc -l" to count the number of lines in the passwd file that have "nologin". The result that I got was: 29.

7.How many lines in the passwd file do not have nologin in them? What command did you use?
I used the command "grep -v nologin /etc/passwd | wc -l" to count the number of lines in the passwd file that do not have "nologin". The result that I got was 6.

8.Change to your home directory and create test1 directory.  What command did you use?
I used the command "cd ~" to change to the home directory and then use "mkdir test1" to create the test1 directory.

9.Create the file test1/file1.  What command did you use?
I used the command "touch test1/file1" to create the file1 inside the test1 directory.

10.Remove the test1 directory with 1 command.  What command did you use?
I used the command "rm -r test1" to remove the test1 directory along with all its contents.

11.What is the command to get help on the 'ls' command?
To get help on the ‘ls; command, you have to use: ls --help

12.What is the command to see the history of what you typed in the shell?
To see the history of what you typed in the shell, type the command: history

13.What command would only display the change directory commands in history
To display the change directory command in history, I used the command: history | grep “cd”

14.What is different between ls and ls -a, and ls -l commands		
The ls command is used to list files and directories in a directory. ls -a shows all files and directories, including hidden ones. ls -l shows files and directories in a long format, which includes permissions, owner, group, size, and timestamp.

15.How long has your machine been running?  What command did you use to find this out?
To find out how long my machine had been running I used the command: uptime

